Despite their subject matter, production, and overall vision definitely overlapping, they each bring something different to the table with their projects. Some days, I wanna bump a Benny tape and call him the best writer in the game. Other days I listen to Conway and think of him as the godfather of mafioso rap right now. Then when listening to WSG, I'm reminded of why I began listening to these guys in the first place.

Once you've fully submerged yourself into the Griselda Records fan club, you're spoiled. These guys are consistent, put out great solo material, shine better than any other rap group when they rap on tracks together, and you could argue all day about either member being the best.

This is a really cool article. Give it a read, especially if you've been thinking about getting into them. They'll sell you better on em than I can.
 
Upvote
172


As an old head, there hasnt been a crew that has me following every move they make this close since Wu, LOX, Mobb Deep and Outkast.

Griselda is what the game's been missing.
 
Upvote
78


I'm pretty young (21), but listening to Griselda reminds me of why I fell in love with hip-hop. I'm not gonna act like all I like is rough, gritty bars like theirs, because it's definitely not, but it feels like medicine to me in a way. It's a breath of fresh air and I NEED IT INJECTED INTO MY FUCKIN VEINS.

Haha I feel you. He a animal. Mafioso rap is in a great place right now. Rebirth of the OB4CL, Ironman, LOX, Supreme Clientele, Reasonable Doubt, etc days.

Conway just gives off that vibe of being such an OG and sitting at the head of the table. If G.O.A.T. had dropped in the 90s, it'd be regarded a classic among those projects you mentioned.

This why for me personally WSG takes the cake - he more a showman less serious, funny AF. Bennys tone of voice is sooo fuckin sweg I feel like his authenticity levels are through the fucking roof. And Conway well I get it he's hard, bro took shots to the head but how old is that shit going to get quickly? Still a fan though just saying. As a unit Griselda is fucking solid and MASSIVE PROPS TO DARINGER for giving these dudes the peeled back skeleton beats he deserves the credit

Can't be more hyped on everything these guys do. Daringer is probably the best in the game right now for hardcore street rap. Reminds me of early Alc and early Mobb. I got hooked on Conway first, heard Benny and thought it couldnt get better...thought WSG only did the hooks till i heard his shit and just got down with everything. I dont know why i love this boom bap street rap so much. I always come back to it. Griselda BSF!!!

Pitchfork gives Griselda's WWCD a 7.7

Rome is fucking insane and fits right in w GxFR

He fucking murdered HWH8, definitely the highlight of the album along with Stove God Cooks.


